# Exploding Topics Scraper

## Overview
This Python project scrapes trending topics from the [Exploding Topics](https://explodingtopics.com/) website and stores the extracted data in CSV format. It comprises three main files: `main.py`, `scrapper.py`, and `dataManipulation.py`.

## File Descriptions

### main.py
This file serves as the entry point of the scraper application. It imports the necessary modules and executes the scraping process using the `Scrapper` class from `scrapper.py`. Upon scraping, it utilizes the `writeCsv` function from `dataManipulation.py` to write the extracted data into a CSV file.

### scrapper.py
The `Scrapper` class in this file is responsible for initiating a headless Firefox browser using the Selenium library and collecting trending topics data from the Exploding Topics website. It extracts information such as topic title, volume, growth, and description. This data is then structured into a list of dictionaries and returned for further processing.

### dataManipulation.py
This file contains the `writeCsv` function responsible for writing the extracted data from the `Scrapper` class into a CSV file. It generates a CSV file with a timestamp-based name in the 'data' directory.

## CSV Fields
The CSV files generated by this scraper contain the following fields:

- **title**: Title of the trending topic.
- **volume**: Volume or popularity metric associated with the topic.
- **growth**: Growth rate or percentage increase.
- **description**: Brief description or explanation of the topic.

## Example CSV Data
```csv
title,volume,growth,description
Data lakehouse,12.1K,+99X+,"Data solution concept combining ""data warehouse"" and ""data lake""."
Mlops,60.5K,+9800%,Machine learning operations...
[Additional data entries...]
